So, Navaratri is a big preparation.
We have to know that
the knowledge of Sahaja Yoga has to come into us,
otherwise, why will people ask- think that you are saints?
Nobody’s going to believe it
that you are saints,
in your behaviour, in your knowledge,
in your dealing with others.
In everything a Sahaja Yogi should be something outstanding.
When I said,
“You have become, you all have to become your own masters”.
Then they use it the other way round.
They tell the leader: “Now we have become our own masters”.
It’s not the way.
So, the first thing is wisdom,
wisdom to understand that we are Sahaja Yogis.
Assume the power.
Sometimes I feel as if a
beggar is made a king supposing;
still he doesn’t assume his position.
Anybody coming he says, “Can you give me one penny?”
Though he’s a king.
Something like that.
Now you have to become the leaders of the world,
all over the world
and this is something to be assumed
and felt. It’s not ego, it’s a reality.
Because once you know that it is the reality
you immediately change yourself.
Immediately you will think that, “Now, what are we doing?
How much do we know?
We are the leaders, the responsibility’s ours”.
If that is understood, you’ll be surprised that
nothing is needed to work out your cleansing.
Just automatically it will work,
that’s My blessing to you. Accept it.
But you must
feel that, “I have to be all right”, you have to feel it.
The situation becomes helpless for Me sometimes,
if I tell something to somebody they’ll start crying
or they’ll run away from Sahaja Yoga.
So, what am I to do?
Should I leave you at the same stage as it is?
Now, to save you from evil
is not the same as to fight
Mahishasura or Narakasura, not that way.
Because Narakasura is also gone into your head
and Mahishasura is also gone into your head.
So, the only thing one has to do is to understand,
“There is this one in me, I ask that to get out”.
Once you work it out that way,
you are doing Navaratri itself.
You have got powers,
you have the knowledge, you know you can feel it.
Just take out all these conditionings:
we are something different.
You are not ordinary people.
You are something very special.
And why should we, at all,
behave like others
or like the way others behave? You’re not like others.
And what a big thing you have,
what a big knowledge you have!
Look at Christ, He was alone.
He talked about what he wanted
to say to multitudes, he talked.
He was crucified, still, He talked.
Till the end.
But He was knowledgeable
and you might say that Mother
he was an incarnation, all right.
But in no way you are less now: you know
how to raise the Kundalini, you know everything.
You are my children.
So, I would suggest that to develop wisdom,
you must meditate and be in the centre,
so all these things will go away:
just be away from this nonsense.
In what atmosphere we live, what we do, it’s not important.
We have to know that we are something exceptional.
All the Ganas, all the angels are just waiting.